based on a kernel nt version 5.0 or
a dose 2010 does not augur an interface
graphically slightly reworked by
compared to mt 4 that we also find
in windows put me on the back of this
last windows 2000 is renowned for its
stability whether with
professional or server versions
windows 2000 finds a place of choice
in business through the integration of
the active directory of the server
integrated web or terminal server that
allowed to log in to
distance over the system handles 1 gigabyte
of RAM works with
multiple processors and integrates for the
first time internet explorer 5
it will finally be necessary to wait until 2001 for
that windows xp plays us his little
music is unquestionably part
most microsoft systems
successful and most valued based on
the windows 2000 kernel and finally
totally rid of the old ms
back windows xp is also famous for its
stability
but xp also marks a turning point on the
finished graphical plane the unique tones
austere gray graphical interface reviewed
in depth adds a touch of
default colors the start button
towards is attached to a taskbar of
blue color if needed a system of
advanced customization allows even
to use themes of your choice
then web side in addition to internet
explore 6 at a time when messaging
instant has the wind in its sails
microsoft decides of interest windows
messenger and to stem the wave of
hacking windows xp also mark
the arrival of the famous activation system
microsoft that will be found on
all future versions of windows
until our days
the first service pack of the oes
will bring support for usb 2
for its part the service pack 2 will fill
the many security vulnerabilities of xp
thanks to a redesign of a good part
of the bone indeed after installation the
control panel integrates a
security center that gives access to a
parent can improve accompanied by a
module that checks for the presence of a
antivirus update and we have this time
windows vista released in January 2006 on
system is quickly under fire
much heavier criticism than
windows xp the system requires a
more muscular config to that is added from
multiple youthful defects in part
due to a precipitous slow exit from
boot file copies
endless indexing of files
spinning the hard drives
ergonomics we will remember the famous and
binding security had enough that
multiplied the dialogs for
agree during the installation
of software for example but the
different vista problems have
overshadowed his many qualities
the system introduces a new kernel
which will later serve as a base for windows
7 and windows 8 for the first time the
indexing engine and integrated in the heart
of the system to launch a program
find a file or get your hands on
a parameter just tap a
string in the menu
visually start the interface
aero manages window transparency
and relies for that on the map
graph although many all his
strengths will not be enough to
straighten the bar for the general public
of his later microsoft will correct the
most defects with a service pack
but it was very late will not improve
not really the reputation of vista and
its late 2009 windows 7 ensures the
reports
microsoft is based on the architecture of
vista and refines the interface the themes
make their appearance rather their
reappearance and ergonomics side aero snap
allows to quickly put two
windows side by side and it's also
since windows 7 we get an overview
open tabs in the browser
or that we can follow the evolution of a
download or a copy of
ergonomics side files the system gives
the ability to pin programs
or documents in the taskbar
which gains in thickness
taking over the concept of the
famous apple dock lighter and better
finished that vista windows 7 reconciles
microsoft with its users and its
batteries for the end of the world in 2012 that
landed windows 8 microsoft is at the
hangs with touch pads
as this segment grows in power
but the firm counter attack trying
to unite the best of both worlds with
his new system it is enticing
on paper but microsoft decides to
place in force
whatever the modern device where he
will be displayed in full screen after
startup including on computers
desktop without touch screen even
turning it off will require
imperatively go through the tile box
to launch programs or search
files and yes it's that the
sacrosanct the start menu disappears
to make subway the central point of
the ergonomics of the system and despite this
forcing accompanied by the signature of
some checks to the developers the
apple store bigger hurts to expand
in application later microsoft
will put some water in his wine with 8
points or customs building but the
harm is done to the general public and
some windows 8 experts
extends the list of windows versions
disappointing
and yet as in the days of vista
qualities are also at the rendezvous
faster startup time with fast
boot improved copy window system
update or restore pc
automatic backup ribbon in
the task manager explorer
review montage and prints say high and
I'll go through all the ingredients of
successes are there except the essential one
true hybrid ergonomics adapted to
universe tablets and stops be the
promise of windows 10 and precisely on
move on to this new bone scheduled for 2015
this new version of windows promises
two ergonomics distinguish to fit
for tactile use or use
of office and of course on windows 10 mark
also the return of the start menu under the
fire microsoft critics is doing
back and that we will not complain and
like happiness does not come alone
will also have virtual office and
a task manager reviewed and
corrected which will make the most of the
screen surface to display a
overview of windows and applications
active